---
layout: single
author_profile: true
permalink: /icra2020/
---

{% include archive-single.html %}
## [ICRA2020] Author-collected real-world datasets

The datasets are used in a submission to **ICRA 2020**.

### Characteristics
The datasets include images taken in long and looped corridor, empty room in a modern building.  

All scenes are obtained in challenging circumstances with no points and straight lines. In addition, scenes undergo drastic illumination changes in several time intervals.

### How to use
After reading details below, you can download each dataset at the **Download List** section below.

For convenient employing, we provide development tools in MATLAB environments, but you also can use the datasets in other environments by your own parsing schemes.

### File Formats
We provide time-stamped stereo images as a tar.gz file (TGZ). Each dataset contains:
* two **stereo images** as grayscale 480 X 640 8-bits images in PNG format at 20 Hz.
* **Calibration data** (intrinsic and stereo extrinsic parameters) as a form of **yaml** files.
* Association file containing timestamps and file names for each stereo image pair as a **txt** file.

#### directory structure

#### Stereo Imgaes
We use a stereo camera with 12 cm baseline at 20 Hz produced by *withrobot co.* [provider][provider]. 
All images are accurately time-synchronized by a hardware internal clock of the oCamS stereo camera. 

* Resolution: 480 X 640 (8-bits monochrome) x 2 (left and right)
* File extension: PNG
* Frequency: 20 Hz

We provide the time-stamped stereo images as a tar.gz file (TGZ). 

* The **color** images are stored as 640x480 8-bit RGB images in PNG format.
* The **depth** images are stored as 640x480 16-bit monochrome images in PNG format.
* The color and depth images are already rectified using OpenNI driver from PrimeSense.

#### Association File
To load the stereo images, we provide association files in txt format.
	
* Each line in the text file contains synchronized timestamp and images (left and right).
* The file may contain comments which begin with "#".

#### Intrinsic and Extrinsic Parameters
Although we provide the both parameters of the stereo camera in each dataset, values are shown below (All datasets share same parameters.):

```
# left intrinsic
fx = 537.5999075271789 # focal length x
fy = 539.0333244312846 # focal length y
cx = 316.1486739642859 # optical center x
cy = 245.5186676348365 # optical center y

# left radial distortion coefficient
k1 = 0.035426591276682
k2 = -0.047648000294533

# left tangential distortion coefficient
p1 = 0.001070852971683
p2 = 0.001266157687369

# right intrinsic
fx = 537.5999075271789 # focal length x
fy = 539.0333244312846 # focal length y
cx = 316.1486739642859 # optical center x
cy = 245.5186676348365 # optical center y

# right radial distortion coefficient
k1 = 0.035426591276682
k2 = -0.047648000294533

# right tangential distortion coefficient
p1 = 0.001070852971683
p2 = 0.001266157687369
```

The above values are calculated by MATLAB calibration toolbox, and the color and depth images are rectified in order to the pixels in the color and depth images correspond one-to-one.

#### Ground-truth
Even though there is no ground truth of the datasets, you can qualitatively validate the VO and 3-D reconstruction performance by below rules:

1. ***table_and_chairs***: Shapes of the upper and bottom board of the table are coincident circles. You can validate your own results in this point. 

2. ***white_chair***: All the shapes of parts are curved.

3. ***room_loop***: At both start and end images, an identical 9 x 8 (0.07 x 0.07 m squares) checkerboard is observed. You can get a relative 3-D positions and poses of the start and edge images, and use to calculate a final distance error of the estimated trajectory. Also, the camera motion along the height direction is maintained consistently.

4. ***corridor_loop***: You can compare the start and end points of the estimated trajectories. We carefully move the camera to make both start and end points of the trajectory. Furthermore, the height throughout the trajectory is maintained consistently.

#### Download List
* We will update rosbag format.
* Total lengthes are estimated by our VO algorithm.

| sequence name | duration [s] | # of images | total length [m] |
|-------------|:----------:|:-----------:|:---------:|
| *table_and_chairs* <br> [ZIP][zip_table_and_chairs](0.26GB), [TGZ][tar_table_and_chairs](0.97GB), [rawlog][rawlog_table_and_chairs](8KB) | 14.45 s | 289 | 11.43 m |
| *white_chair* <br> [ZIP][zip_white_chair](0.26GB), [TGZ][tar_white_chair](0.97GB), [rawlog][rawlog_white_chair](8KB) | 25.80 s | 516 | 11.43 m |
| *room_loop* <br> [ZIP][zip_room_loop](0.26GB), [TGZ][tar_room_loop](0.97GB), [rawlog][rawlog_room_loop](8KB) | 79.70 s | 1,594 | 11.43 m |
| *corridor_loop* <br> [ZIP][zip_corridor_loop](0.26GB), [TGZ][tar_corridor_loop](0.97GB), [rawlog][rawlog_corridor_loop](8KB) | 102.35 s | 2,047 | 11.43 m |

For questions, comments or suggestions please feel free to send me an email [e-mail][myemail]

[provider]: https://github.com/withrobot/oCams
[zip_table_and_chairs]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_table_and_chairs.zip
[tar_table_and_chairs]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_table_and_chairs.tar
[rawlog_table_and_chairs]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_table_and_chairs/association_stereo.txt

[zip_white_chair]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_white_chair.zip
[tar_white_chair]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_white_chair.tar
[rawlog_white_chair]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_white_chair/association_stereo.txt

[zip_room_loop]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_room_loop.zip
[tar_room_loop]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_room_loop.tar
[rawlog_room_loop]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_room_loop/association_stereo.txt

[zip_corridor_loop]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_corridor_loop.zip
[tar_corridor_loop]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_corridor_loop.tar
[rawlog_corridor_loop]: http://larr.snu.ac.kr/changhyeon/icra2020_corridor_loop/association_stereo.txt

[myemail]: mailto:hyun91015@gmail.com
